What is lambda expression? How to use it?
Why enums are used to store constants over strings?
What are streams?
What is an iterator? When we use?
Difference between list iterator and iterator?
Difference between Hashmap and Hashtable?
What is JDBC?
What is marker interface?
Why while loop is used in iterator over for loop?
What is anonymous function()? What is Anonymous objects?
How to hash null value in Hashmap?
How to sort Hashset?
Can we use aggregate function in MySQL query? Examples
Write logic to sort strings in descending order. Explain logic
Write streams to find duplicate number and highest number
How to create services in springboot app. Explain from scratch
Explain Full outer join
Comparator and comparable
What is spring initializer 	
What is Actuator
How spring project will be started from scratch? Folder structure
What is difference in RESTController and Controller
What ORMs used in your project
What @Springbootapplication notation does
What is monolithic architecture explain with example
What is microservices architeture explain with example
How to create custome exception in Spring/Java
What are struts in database
What if @Transaction fail how will you recover 
What is difference between Exception and Error
How will you enter large entries in SQL
How will you check if record is there in DB
How you log logs. How to set level
How you solve production issues. Give one case
Is is possible to remove embedded tomcat from springboot. If Yes how will you do that?
How will you authenticate and authorize user
Find avg of max two numbers from given list
What is indexing in SQL
What is concurrent modifcation exception what collecitons can be used(ConcurrentHashMap, CopyOnWriteArrayList)

Write SQL query to find count of employees based on project
EmpId	Project	Salary	Variable
121		P1		8000	500
321		P2	10000	1000
421			P1	12000	0
521	P1	13000	100
621	null	10000	0

What spring version you have used in project
What is difference between procedure and funtions
How to handle exception in springboot (Exception handler to handle exception only from particular class) (Advise to handle exception throughout application)
What is Optional class?